The Lonah Maiko Foundation currently has many needy students living in poverty whose lives would dramatically change with scholarship support.

Students waiting for scholarships

For many, receiving a scholarship means that they can attend school and gain an education, rather than having to find work as a child labourer in tea plantations, quarries, or in other even less desirable circumstances such as the sex trade. Read Faith's Christmas present (see Faith pictured above) or watch Faith’s video.

The Lonah Maiko Foundation fully supports the United Nations emphasis on educating girls in Africa and encourages sponsors to support a girl’s education through our program.

“For over a decade, education for girls has been identified as one of the best solutions to reversing the relentless trend of poverty and disease devastating large portions of sub-Saharan Africa.”
— UN Chronicle
https://www.un.org/en/chronicle/article/importance-educating-girls-and-women-fight-against-poverty-african-rural-communities

The Lonah Maiko Foundation seeks to support children with disabilities to gain education and thereby increase their self-confidence and level of empowerment over their lives. We recognise the value of each individual, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, indigeneity, disability, age, displacement, caste, gender, gender identity, sexuality, sexual orientation, poverty, class, or socio-economic status, and seek to enable achievement of their full potential.

Scholarship donors receive a student profile, student school reports, and we encourage them to write to really get to know their child.

NOTE: Due to the rapidly rising cost of living in Kenya, we have had to raise our scholarship fees for the first time in over 5 years.

Scholarship is currently $390 per year and enables the student to receive:

A place in school for that year (education)

A full, new school uniform

Stationery and exercise books

Scholarship Plus is $660 per year. Scholarship Plus provides your child with lunch every day at their school for the additional $270 per year.

Payment can be made as a lump sum or in monthly installments (a single receipt is issued at the end of the financial year). Payment information [here].

To support a child, click [here].
See The Lonah Maiko Foundation Fundraising Principles [here].